Update multisite-setup.md (#6596)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/tutorials/multisite-setup.md

* Might increase resource usage.
* Could interfere with editors' workflows, especially if there are multiple people working on both websites at once. That is because the solution will still use one database for both websites.
* Limit your options in regards to developing new features and making schema changes.

> * It should be noted, that if the project has any issues, this will effect all websites at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the project has any issues, this will affect all websites.
```
